itemGroup.colouredblocks:creativeTab=Coloured Blocks
item.colouredblocks:crayon.name=Crayon
item.colouredblocks:essense.name=Colouring Essense

colouredblocks:dyeBlock:0.name=Block of Black Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:1.name=Block of Red Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:2.name=Block of Green Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:3.name=Block of Brown Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:4.name=Block of Blue Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:5.name=Block of Purple Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:5.rare.name=Jaded Block
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:6.name=Block of Cyan Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:7.name=Block of Light Gray Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:8.name=Block of Gray Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:9.name=Block of Pink Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:10.name=Block of Lime Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:11.name=Block of Yellow Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:12.name=Block of Light Blue Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:13.name=Block of Magenta Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:14.name=Block of Orange Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:15.name=Block of White Dye

colouredblocks:dyeBlock:0.name=Block of Black Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:1.name=Block of Red Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:2.name=Block of Green Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:3.name=Block of Brown Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:4.name=Block of Blue Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:5.name=Block of Purple Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:5.rare.name=Jaded Block
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:6.name=Block of Cyan Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:7.name=Block of Light Gray Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:8.name=Block of Gray Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:9.name=Block of Pink Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:10.name=Block of Lime Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:11.name=Block of Yellow Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:12.name=Block of Light Blue Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:13.name=Block of Magenta Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:14.name=Block of Orange Dye
colouredblocks:dyeBlock:15.name=Block of White Dye
